Hello again.
So let's get an idea about this chalk board but then as you say we've been in top physical adapter to
the ice Kaze Stosh and for example if we back right there to the switch and we see this as causes Talaash
connected a VM neck 7.
And as Kaze one connected a VMC.
If for example disconnect the cable from the VM Minick 7 and we try to back to see the storage right
there.
If you remember I had it when I see the first one is oxi no one likes you then the bait.
We have four.
That's me.
Every port seek to extend its rush.
Let's get the implant of the cabinet from the other server.
It is a one OK imply that the cable OK.
If we to the virtual switch you should see that this cable is disconnected.
Let's just give it a little time or let's just to refresh.
So how does it do.
VM Network 7 is disconnected from the network.
And if we go back to the start as a writer and we make our rescan you see right there you see it's automatically
detected.
So the last act you not use it.
This is the last one.
Is that still active and this is the VM neck 3.
That's when we VM Network 7 is not use it and into but if we make a refresh you will see that we have
only to bake that scene by ice Kaze software adapter.
So how does it only have two external storage that's seen by one network adapter.
So if we plug the cable again it OK.
No it shows the connect.
There's one way ahead.
If we box to the adapter it will detect automatically just give it a little time and we'll be use it
again.
As it's thought detected change by it's.
OK.
So it starts to give me a refresh or hourly scan OK.
No it's active.
If we walk to the gate you can see that it's become for connection to do to external storage.
So this is our quick information.
Now we need to do the same step for the other six I.
I already do it with my number two.
And then we're going to do it in six ion battery.
And no we're going to do it quickly.
So we got to do a network port with click on network port to bundle to network port to Physica network
adapter to this scuzzy software.
OK.
What is it.
Then we go to the targets we need to add a new target to the address of the externals last 11.
OK at Izzet if we box a device in amps you would need to rescan.
OK.
And you will see to extend Ostergaard will be 60 for the head is the disk 1 and a disk 2 14 and 45.
The target base.
We have four.
That means the two port bending actively together.
So the next step is to do external storage.
So in the next video.